they had a cold previously, and for a couple of months if they had flu, and they also lost
this sense of smell, it's just amazing.
So it seems to me that people operating cults, and they just operate on a belief system,
and that's how we solve, they don't, they're not capable of analysis, but actually even
the people who are capable of analysis, they overthink everything and think their tiny
little area of science is going to solve the world's problems.
No, without them putting it into context, what they're saying, that it has no significance
whatsoever.
It's completely lost, and they might as well not bother.
So I just wondered what your comments are about that.
I mean, yeah, I agree.
Right now we're just, I don't want to get too explanatory about it and pigeonhole myself
into just, I want to be sure that this possibility of there being real biology that could have
been used to mislead us, and even misleading virologists and misleading molecular biologists
into believing that this signal is higher fidelity.
So it is cultish, but it's cultish with real, you know, it's like if you went to a ceremony
at some cult and across the water was a giant, a giant idol, and in front of that idol,
a bunch of people looked like they were, they were, I don't know, sacrificing goats.
From the other side of the river, you don't know what they're doing.
And a lot of us are on the other side of the river with regard to the pandemic.
We don't really know what's going on behind the scenes.
We don't know what goes on behind the idol.
We don't know where those lights are coming from or whether those people in those costumes
are who they say they are.
And so we're really lost here.
I think it's very important to realize that so many of us have been duped into accepting
people as, as not, I don't like the word savior, but as people who are trying to come to the
rescue on white horses, when this script almost certainly prepared that for us.
It had to have, and only in retrospect as it becomes so visible.
So I think you're right in characterizing it that way, but it is extremely diabolical
because not everybody who's participating knows that they have been bamboozled.
I did not know how badly I was being fooled and how many people were active in fooling
me for those first two and a half years.
It's only obvious now.
It's strange because it's strange that even you could get into it because it was obvious
to me from the beginning that everything was wrong.
That's different.
You have to, you have to, you have to see that that's not what I was thinking.
Those aren't the questions I was asking.
I was not asking, is the pandemic real?
I was asking, is the virus lab leak or natural?
And if you're not, but this is the point I'm trying to make with this talk is that if
you were asking the question of whether the pandemic is real or fake, you were stuck in
a certain path that was very different than being stuck in the, is the pandemic and natural
or lab leak.
And if you picked the right people, you were going to be stuck over here and you were never,
ever, ever going to be allowed to ask this question.
Do you understand that if, if you're in a private chat with a bunch of people that think
this is a low level lab leak, you can't ever get those people to discuss the possibility
that they might be completely wrong.
And the questions that they ask are going to fuel this very limited spectrum of debate
that's very vigorous within it.
And if it's somebody like Joe Rogan talking to Mike Osterholm, it's, these are things
that people all have to sort out and as an academic biologist, I went with academia.
I got stuck with academia.
And so I was trying to sort out what's wrong with academia and to get all the way to the
stage where I can now relatively succinctly explain how screwed up academia is.
It took me a long time.
I needed to get, I needed to get far enough away from it so I could see it.
And so every person, every doctor, every healthcare worker, every carpenter that bought into
this mystery needs to work their own way out and there were own way away from this because
they've been so entranced and enchanted to solve this mystery.
And then they also don't forget they almost all of us came to the conclusion that we
had solved it, that I was winning, that I had finally figured it out.
And that's a very dangerous place to be because then you can really be really hard to be convinced
that you've been fooled.
And that's where I was.
And I brought a lot of people there and a lot of people in my family or family and friends
in circle took the shot because I wasn't arguing the right biology.
I was telling them it was a lab leak.
So hey, if I say it's a lab leak, but you don't have to worry about it, how are you
going to take my word for that?
And that's what I was saying.
It's a lab leak, but you don't have to worry about it because your immune system is strong.
And all you have to do is doubt your health or doubt your immune system or say, well,
I'm not as good a shape as Jay, I better take the transfection.
So I didn't save anyone when I could have saved someone because I was fooled by the
same narrative.
And that's what I think is so powerful about my story because I can start crying about
it.
And one of my friends had an aneurysm on December, I don't remember what the date is anymore,
but he had an aneurysm, just a freak.
He's just dead.
He's got two daughters and a beautiful wife and he's gone forever because he and his family
took the shots because I didn't have it.
I didn't have the story back then.
And it's really important that people see that it's okay.
We all didn't have the story.
And if we can all come to this realization, we can all collectively lift each other out.
It really is an important.
It's an important moment.
I think.
Yeah.
So, um, so one, just very quickly, I get traction when I say that I'm a medical doctor
to people.
I don't even know.
I just talk to them.
I know how to talk to people, as Jerry Brady says, you know, and, and when I say that I'm
a doctor, not, not for any glory or anything, obviously, and then I say no pandemic, I get
their interest.
And then I say, by the way, there's no novel disease either.
There's no COVID-19.
And they say, Oh, well, I had COVID.
I said, don't think he did, but by that time, we usually got some kind of conversation going
and they kind of believe me.
And, but I noticed that they are a bit disturbed, you know, they're very confident about saying
they've had COVID free prior to me saying no pandemic, no novel disease.
And so it's a way, I think that we can influence people, but maybe you need to be, you know,
a brilliant biologist like you, or, or, or a doctor because they, they hesitate to kind
of take me on because it may probably look as though I mean business because I do.
But anyway, I wanted to ask you, um, the gain of function thing, I think maybe the, the
message is being missed by some people.
So in my opinion, the gain of function research, which they're plugging and saying, Oh, how
illegal it is, you know, and the people are saying, Oh, it's terrible.
They're doing gain of function research, you know, United States is funding this gain
of function research, but they don't understand even the people on our side who should know
better.
They don't understand the talk about the gain of function research and saying how bad it
is and how it shouldn't be going on.
And I think David Martin talks about it.
You know, they don't understand that they're playing into the narrative.
And I think that's what you're saying through much of the talk.
And I don't know how we kind of phrase it so that people really understand it.
Yeah, I mean, I think that that's the reason why I'm trying to teach the clones in different
ways, because the gain of function, anything that they do, anytime they insert something
or they make a, when they make a synthetic virus, they're making clones.
So it's only a question of how much that they make, they make a little bit, or they make
a lot, because the RNA is still not suddenly endowed with extra copying capabilities because
you put an extra base or two in there.
That doesn't change the properties of this multipoly protein replication complex that's
hardly even understood.
And so you can, you can put whatever RNA you want and you're limited by copying it with
an RNA dependent RNA polymerase.
So they keep weight making all this, these statements about what's going on, but there's
nothing that you can do to the spike protein to change how well the RNA that codes for
it is copied.
That's like ridiculous.
And that's the argument that we needed to learn the weaknesses of it from the very beginning,
because all of us just bought into the cartoon that there are viruses and then they replicate
and then we cough them out and then other people get sick.
And it wasn't until I started really getting challenge on that and really listening to
the objections of some of these people like Mark Bailey, where I started to see that there
was something really incongruent.
And I still feel like we need to revisit a lot of these narratives because best case scenario
for virology and biology is that the fidelity of the signal has been grossly exaggerated,
but there are signals that we could characterize as a measles virus or a flu virus or maybe
even coronaviruses, but the worst case scenario for virology is that all of these are simply
amplified noise that's been mischaracterized as transmitting pathogens, which in that case
we have been probably actively misled by people controlling this sort of thought space, which
is a much more diabolical situation and it goes back to AIDS and the people who controlled
the biology story of AIDS and goes back to the whole vaccine schedule in America going
from live attenuated vaccines to recombinant vaccines that were given intramuscularly.
So that's the problem with this too, is that a lot of these people, that's why I say that
at the end, how can you see the medlers, it's very hard to imagine that someone on this
journey of discovery in the pandemic would stop at, wow, I guess they made a mistake
with the transfection and so we should fix that before we move forward, like it's kind
of a very selective attention on the lies and a very big amount of lies are ignored in
that interpretation of reality.
And so it's hard for me to believe that very many of the people that are on our team can
still basically say that they think vaccinations in general are very good, like Brett Weinstein
still says.
And this is a very big red flag for me that almost everybody that lost their career and
got censored and had to shake a can on the internet should be at the stage where they
realize that the CDC is the largest producer of vaccines in America and that we have a
schedule with more shots that are earlier than any other Western civilization country
in the world and that alone, that difference alone should be enough to call on criminal.
It's broad.
I do this.
Absolutely broad.
Yeah.
So I just wanted to ask you this key question, JJ, I don't know whether it's key, but it
just seems to be to me.
I think that virology genomics, I'm not sure about genomics and epidemiology, but yes,
I think so.
Certainly, virology, genomics, epidemiology, evidence-based medicine were constricts to
achieve exactly what they launched in 2020 and that epidemiology, sorry, immunology,
that as the virology increased in importance in inverted commas, the immunology sank into
wasn't seen, you know.
So the very subject which taught us all how brilliant the human immune system is and
presumably the immune system of animals too, that went, lost its influence in the 18s.
When I was at medical school, immunologists were kings of medicine, but now it seems
that the virologists want to be kings of medicine.
And I think that what they've been doing is fraudulent and it was a construct.
I don't know it was fraudulent, but I think it was, I feel that it was, and it was a construct
which was necessary for these bastards to do what they did in 2020.
I think it's very possible that a lot of this mythology will break down.
I do.
Yeah.
I just, I don't think we're under any obligation to be sophisticated enough to delineate what
parts are fake and what parts are not.
We just need to be focused on the current regime of lies and then work backwards from
there.
Yeah, but we have to be able to attack the world of virology if that's what we need to
do in many different ways.
And so I'm just thinking a little bit further than the end of my nose or trying to because
a doctor should be thinking about the possibilities and warning his patients or the world if necessary
about dangers.
And so, yeah, so there was something else, but it's gone out of my head.
Yeah, I liked your, I liked your examples, your analogies were excellent, I thought.
So you talked about the, our children are on the train and we have little time to get
them off the train.
You didn't use those exact words, but I understand what you're saying.
And what I think the train was was endless, deadly viral pandemics in the future.
And not only was there no pandemic in 2020, in my opinion, but actually the possibility
that there can be pandemics in the future.
I think is another construct, they put this about so they can instill fear into the population
and thereby achieve their aims.
It's just necessary to have the fear and put out the propaganda.
So the whole thing that people are fearing disease X and people who shouldn't be distracted
are distracted.
I won't mention names, but you must have seen the disease X and Marburg, it's just nonsense.
And we don't need to fear all this nonsense, you know, and thinking about the next pandemic.
So the British governments, I need to tell you this, JJ.
So they had an inquiry in having an inquiry, a COVID inquiry, I try not to watch it because
it's so bad.
And what they'd intent on doing is saying to the bridge, the agenda is to say to the
British people, well, actually, we should have locked down a bit earlier, you know, and then
it would have been a lot better.
And so along comes Boris Johnson, the former prime minister of the UK, who has many, many
faults.
He actually determined the remit of the person who's doing the inquiry, but of course he's
out of power now.
So he comes along.
I think he blew the whistle.
He said, so she was commiserating after two days of evidence when Boris broke down, you
know, and the story in the newspaper that Boris broke down because everything was so sad,
we should have locked down earlier.
But guess what?
Boris comes out at the end when she's commiserating with him.
And he says, I don't think I'll see you in the near future.
I was thinking to herself, what world is that?
You know, he's describing, I think he'd be meeting, they'd be meeting at every party
in the near future.
So he said, I don't think it was, he said, I think, but you can't look into it.
I think we need to determine where this came from.
Well, dead right, but nobody noticed JJ, nobody noticed.
I thought, wow, the former prime minister of the UK, who was beaten into following the
narrative, in my opinion, likely, he was blowing the whistle at the end of his evidence
of the COVID inquiry, and nobody noticed, except me.
Well, if he says, if we says, I would argue that if he says we need to determine where
the virus comes from, that he's telling you, you need to solve the mystery of the Scooby
No, he just said it.
He said it.
Yeah, it's okay.
Goodness those, what he meant, I'd love to contact him and find out what he meant.
But probably he's got an army of people stopping people getting to him.
So you remember when he went into the hospital, and he was terrified allegedly for his life,
he ended up in ICU?
I don't think he was in hospital, or he was, I mean, he was, he was predicted to go into
the hospital in the, in the Olympic Games ceremony, right?
I mean, we saw his, it's the 2012 games that were in London, where they had the virus from
above, and they had a giant death walking around with all the attribute, or it was
a tribute to the NHS, and they had all these beds being pushed around.
And one of the people that was in the sick beds was, was him.
So like they, they told us that it's beyond absurd.
Yeah.
I didn't know that you've never seen that.
There was a guy with yellow hair, and he was like in the bed whining, and they made him
look absurd.
It was like a caricature of him.
Wow.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That's 20 minutes, Stephen.
It's a possibility that, I don't know for certain, but it's a real possibility, which
you think about that Boris Johnson didn't believe what was going on in 2020, and he had to
be persuaded.
It could be.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you, Stephen.
Okay.
Now, Jim had his hand up first, and what happens with Zoom is if someone says anything that
takes your hand down automatically, so Wolfgang, I saw you came in there, but Jim first and
Jerry.
Yeah.
Thank you very much for your presentation, and I'd like to see him for us, I'm already
useful, and I have a little bit of a different view on things.
I'm concerned about, not about the virus or whatever, but the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein
has a bioterror weapon engineered pure and cleavage site from a bacteria, but spike
protein.
And we are seemingly living the plot of a Tom Clancy book called Rainbow Six, where
a alleged virus is released into the Olympic Games to spread around the world and the
vaccine.
It's worse than the virus that he populated the Earth by radical environmentalists in the
name of climate change.
My question has to deal with how we prove, or first getting immunity, and if you can
address NK and T cell immunity as good immunity versus IgG immunity as bad immunity that they
are at CDC and everybody is measuring right now, and if you can address the different
types of spike protein, meaning the first spike protein is the one that was transmitted
by computer from Wuhan, allegedly, number two, the spike protein that was allegedly engineered
by Jason McClellan using proline restraints, six proline restraints, and I emailed you
a video of his presentation and how that spike protein goes into cells.
And number three, the spike proteins that are allegedly made by the DNA contaminants
that seem to be correlating very well with the dangerous lot numbers or batch numbers
and how bad is my back.
Thank you.
T cell immunity and natural killer cell immunity is complicated and we don't know a lot about
it, but I can generalize to say that in my last three years of reading, it seems apparent
from the primary literature that T cell immunity is formed to proteins that are conserved
across a wide variety of viruses.
One of the most conserved proteins would be these proteins that are in the replication
transcription complex, and those proteins are highly conserved across all of these supposed
variants of SARS.
That's why they only show you the spike protein and only talk about that because of the other
30 proteins that are in the coronavirus, they don't seem to be changing and they don't care.
So that's already an obvious tell that this narrative about the spike protein is really
not biologically plausible because you have other people saying that the spike protein
is the only protein that matters or the only one that's changing and that's just not plausible
given the way that we know RNA is copied.
So I would suggest to you that T cells that are relevant for any of these RNA signals
are going to be primarily aimed at RNA dependent RNA polymerase or accessory proteins that are
common across these viruses.
Another common one is actually the N protein because it is around the N protein that this
RNA is coiled and so you can't really vary that protein too much and then get packaging
to go well, at least in their cartoons.
So that is another gene that they have looked at in the past as a general indicator of coronavirus
presence and now they have obfuscated this idea to say that this N protein can be used
to identify a particular coronavirus.
And it's up to molecular biologists to judge whether that's true or not, but the vast majority
of these PCR's are not using nested primers and so there's a certain level of accuracy
that's just not possible that a lot of academic biologists assume is there.
If you want me to give you that little briefing and I've never really done it before, but
I think it's a good idea to try and do it here because you asked the question.
When you amplify the whole virus genome, it's a very long genome and you actually are usually
sorry I'm bumping my camera there.
You usually are looking for like a very small amplicon.
This amplicon might be only 300 bases long, whereas the whole genome is 30,000 bases long.
And so you might look for two amplicons.
You might look for a spike protein amplicon and RNA dependent polymerase amplicon and
then this would have been in the old days pre-2020, pre-2020, dang it, I keep hitting my camera.
This would have been a any coronavirus.
You would have used protein, you would have used PCR to find two small fragments and then
you would have used metagenomic sequencing to amplify everything in the sample and then
use a algorithm to see if there was a full coronavirus genome.
Most of the time you wouldn't find a full genome and so instead you would just replace
the genes you didn't find with genes that you found in the literature and then you would
make a DNA clone of this sequence that you purported to have found in nature.
After 2020 they've been doing the same thing where they first said that we're going
to look for a small amplicon in the spike protein and we're going to look for a small
amplicon in the RNA dependent RNA polymerase and then at some moment in time they changed
what they're looking at and now they're looking at N protein which is even farther out here
on the genome.
It doesn't really matter.
This is N, this is S, this would be ORF1.
The point is that when they look for these amplicons they're finding a very small signal
and the best analogy that I can come up with would be to say that the local library got
blown up by a bomb and none of the books got burnt but they all got blown into a million
pieces and so I think that you, Jim, you've written a yoga book and I have primers that
can find the sentences of your yoga book and if I find the sentences that correspond
to your yoga book I can prove to you that you wrote a yoga book you didn't even know
you wrote and so I look for a few sentences that are pretty common across a lot of books
like the following is an explanation of or an alternative way of doing this would be
and then I claim that this is very specific for your book, I mean look it's right here
on page 67 it's really your book and then I find that signal in the burnt exploded library
and I say look Jim you wrote a book and that's very similar to how they've found coronaviruses
in the past they look for signals and they find a very short portion that is thought to
be shared across many coronaviruses and then they look for the whole book in this pile of
words and it's very easy to assemble the whole yoga book if you can use all the words in an
exploded dictionary or an exploded library and it's hard for us to know as biologists
what signals are actually there at this size scale because the only way we have to probe
it is with PCR so you'll almost have to know what you're looking for before you look for it
and then when you look for it you won't know if it was there for real or if it was just a sentence
from another book and the most important thing to see here is that in biology we're not using
a dictionary that's got 10 million words in it and we're not using words that are spelled with lots
of different letters we're using a limited number of bases that code for a limited number of codons
which code for a limited number of amino acids so the shorter you choose the amplicon to seek
the more likely it is that you're going to find a signal that's not related to what you thought
you were i.e if you look for once upon a time you're going to find a lot of signals in that
blown up library and so to get back to your question to make sure I don't lose my track of my thought
here the spike in Wuhan is actually a I'm going to cut back over here I apologize for this I'm
just going to do it quick like this um the spike in Wuhan what that's this camera
spike in Wuhan is a construct that was made like this it was made with an assembly and my question
would be in terms of the clone is that um keep in mind this has to do with vaccines and it has to
do with converting us I apologize for this long answer but I hope it's good and converting us to
believe that the previous combination of substances which we injected to augment your immune system
is not as good as the current new combination of substances that we augment your immune system with
and the way that they fooled you with that is they probably put this spike protein that they
wanted to inject to you into these places and that's what I think you're hinting at is that
the design is not only the pro leans to to keep it from being able to change confirmation
the design probably was the insertion of small epitopes that companies like epivacs and other
companies have been working on for decades to try and find ways to make proteins that your immune
system ignores into proteins that your immune system pays attention to because the current way
or the old school way that you do that is that you take a recombinant protein that you made in a
laboratory and you inject it into the muscle of a child in combination with heavy metals or other
toxins and those toxins attract the attention of the immune system and macrophages and they try to
process this garbage and one of the arguments is that that that the processing of that toxin
also causes the processing of those proteins and then you develop antibody immunity to those
proteins that you made the trouble is is that your immune system is learning to respond to
something on the inside now and so the antibodies that you make are on the inside the T cells that
you made are not are not to anything other than those proteins and when those proteins aren't
around those T cells don't have anything to do and the the trick here with I'm just going to
keep talking because I think this is all really good stuff that probably you don't hear very
often um the other thing to keep in mind is that there's two different mechanisms that are going
on here with regard to the the immunity so when a virus is replicating in your cells
or when your cells are transfected the main thing to realize is that there is a molecule called
I'm drawing it in the wrong shape because this is like the shape of an antibody but it shouldn't
be really in the shape of antibody I apologize but it's a it's a it's a molecule that can present
other molecules and this molecule is called MHC there are two different kinds MHC one and MHC
two that I don't want to confuse you with just understand that when your cells are making stuff
they need to report what they're making on the outside by presenting small fragments to the
immune system and so there are T cells that are patrolling your immune system all the time and
checking that like a little bouncer checking to see that the ID on this cells okay are you guys
cancer cells are you doing what you're supposed to do and making act in and other things and so
there are natural killer cells and there are T cells that are doing this check that are seeing
what on the major histocompatibility complex is being presented and whether that jives
with the other signals that are present on that cell and so that the immune system can confirm
that this cell is doing what it's supposed to do when a cell is is producing virus the idea is
is that on the MHC molecule there will be viral proteins presented that the T cells can recognize
and come and destroy this cell before it's able to release full variants and of course the earlier
that protein is expressed on MHC the better chance we have if you recall that cartoon we looked at
an hour ago the first proteins that are expressed during coronavirus infection according to the
scientists are these replicase transcription complex proteins so if those are presented
and they are shared across a number of these viral species then this would be the way that
T cells would be activated and have nothing absolutely nothing to do with the spike protein
which would be necessarily expressed later and also because of the nature of the way it is it's
going to be on the outside of the cell not presented on MHC but on the outside of the cell
which is a very different signal now this is the worst part when we transfect a cell
the MHC is not going to be presenting in the same way because there's all these antiviral
things are not activated because they've chemically altered the RNA to make it invisible to our cells
internal machinery it just it sits there and it's there for a long time and it expresses
the spike protein on the outside of the body or outside of the cell and it expresses small
fragments of the spike protein on MHC this is a problem because if the body doesn't can't tell
the difference it's going to destroy this cell and then it's going to try and process it
and every time it does that there's a potential that it's going to process something of its own
and it's going to cause autoimmunity that's less likely to occur in an infection because that
infection is occurring at a barrier cells that are patrolled regularly by the immune system like
epithelial cells the orientation of the immune system is oriented around patrolling those cells
if you transfect someone and that lmp goes anywhere in the body then cells are going to be doing
they're going to be presenting bad proteins that normally the immune system does not expect them
to express bad proteins not as an expressed the proteins that that infection vulnerable
barrier cells are expressing and so this is a whole different task for the immune system to
sort out and so your question of spike in Wuhan is so important because the idea for me would be
that if you really wanted to pull off this this show and make sure that the entire earth thought
that transfection was pretty effective you better choose a protein that your body won't
ignore you better choose a protein that after the fourth transfection you still get a bump
in antibody response and that's not guaranteed for every protein in fact most proteins without
any alteration your body would be would would build tolerance to very very very quickly and so
it's very striking that even from the fourth transfection people are still building a noticeable
bump of of of antibody seroprevalence that's very dangerous and it's dangerous because again this
this attack it should not be blood based so there's no reason to have a preponderance of IgG
antibodies you want to have T cells that are eliminating viral infection before it starts in
the cells where viral expect viral expression is supposed to be so this whole engineering of the
spike protein may have even been kind of a red herring to make you confused about the fact that
okay what's the dangerous part about this spike and thinking about whether they have
eliminated the dangerous part of the spike or not when in reality it is the transfection of
your cells and the randomness of it that leads to the dangers rather than any particular aspect
of the transfection in general and then if I go all the way to the double-stranded DNA question
it's not that I don't think the double-stranded DNA packaged in a lipid nanoparticle or not wouldn't
be dangerous I think it's probably pretty dangerous that's why they keep it out of all biologics using
anion chromatography to remove it from monoclonal antibodies for example there's no DNA allowed
in a protein biologic none if you have DNA in it it will be canceled that lot will be destroyed
so this is an extra interesting aspect of making RNA because you can't use the normal
procedures the accepted gold standard to get rid of the contamination because you can't separate
RNA and DNA very easily so that's another tricky thing that they just completely ignored as they
rolled out this transfection and then conveniently brought it up as a problem only afterward we rushed
it we didn't know we should have used better methodologies we shouldn't have made such big
batches all of these are excuses to make you think that transfection could be good if they
had done it right and that I have been saying is a lie for at least three years if not four it was
the only thing I could see through from the very beginning that they were confounding this narrative
of oh my gosh we chose the wrong spike and the spike was gained a function now it's even worse
and that was all just uh that's just all uh an act to make you think that transfection could be
good if they just got their act together holy cow I hope I answered something yeah well you took
uh Jay Jay thanks very much but 20 minutes and you got six hands up and we're finishing in half
an hour so you better handle it okay faster next time yes so jerry hi Jay Jay hello my favorite
one here a stroke off GP from Ireland and our suspended GP from Ireland I've still suspended
temporarily and three years ago the the you just talked to Steve and there about you know I don't
know I don't I don't want to waste your time but you're talking about Steve to Steve and it's
sort of been caught and been fooled it was all about perspective it's it's a perspective of the
observer I as a GP could see there was no illness there was no major illness in the community there
were no people dying of covid so it's very very easy for me to cop on to that the fact that covid
was a hoax and that that in effect that you know it didn't smell right and the uh then to look at
the PCR test you know it's quite obvious that it it really couldn't diagnose covid or a a a
pathogen as such but what I what I'd like to ask you but you used to work clone you know surely all
viruses are clones in the sense they're an exact an exact replica of you know the in the absence of
our asexual reproduction but they are a clone so I just like to elucidate your use of the word
clone sure you know I'll try and draw a little picture of it because I think it's important
and a lot of people are asking that question so it's good so I think where I would like to go with
this is just to draw a little cartoon about how it's done so when you when you copy DNA
um the DNA strand opens up right and then it comes back together as it's copied and that coming back
together can reveal mismatched bases and because of the nature of copying DNA there are actually
accessory proteins that are accessory to the main protein the RNA polymerase there are accessory
proteins that can proofread and correct the mismatched bases that are here and that's well
known DNA replication in bacteria is very high fidelity but in the cartoon of a viral replication
you have a single stranded RNA that is copied by an RNA dependent RNA polymerase and that copying
is definitely not high fidelity and even though they claim that there are accessory proteins that
can increase the fidelity the the error rate is real and so when you copy a 30 000 base pair RNA
it is by necessity according to most virologists you will make three errors you can't you cannot
it is not possible to use an RNA dependent polymerase and copy 30 000 bases perfectly you can do that
with DNA because there's a proofreading step that corrects so not only does this is this is this
enzyme the DNA polymerase is that not only is that enzyme known to be orders of magnitude higher
fidelity but it's known to have accessory proteins that are orders of magnitude higher fidelity
and it's all dependent on this double stranded model and that's absent in all RNA viruses
because they're all single stranded it's either there are a couple double stranded RNA viruses
i should be careful but most of them are negative or positive strand and positive strand means
that they can be translated directly into protein negative means they have to have their own enzyme
to do that translation so flu and measles need their own enzyme aids needs its own enzyme
but coronaviruses are special they don't because they're positive stranded RNAs they can be translated
directly into proteins and one of those proteins that they need to translate right away is the
RNA dependent RNA polymerase before they can ever copy themselves and so the reason why i would
argue that these viruses if they exist at all are so difficult to culture for example
they might do a 96 well plate preparation from a bat and only two cells will show
cytopathic effects and only two cells will be PCR positive and they can't culture from that
they can only sequence and then the way they overcome it is they take the sequence that they
find in their laboratory and they convert it to a DNA molecule and the reason why this is important
Jerry is because they can make as much of this DNA as they want they can make a truckload of it
like a literal tanker truck full of almost perfect copies of this consensus genome
and then because commercial products exist like t7 RNA polymerase they can convert that DNA
to a perfect copy of the genome and that perfect copy of the genome in that quantity a truckload
cannot exist in any bat or in any any bat cave or any any any community of animals because
those RNA molecules are by definition all different because they've all been copied by RNA polymerase
and therefore none of them are the same and so i can create a purity of RNA using this cloning
technique that no matter what culturing techniques no matter how sick the animal is no matter how
virulent the virus is by definition none of the RNA molecules can be the same and this is the
illusion that they have told us when if an RNA molecule goes in a million different different
directions on earth but all of those RNA molecules just happen to random walk to delta and then random
walk to to to omicron this is there there are no evolutionary mechanisms inside of an RNA molecule
coded and lipid and lipid protein to to account for these directional moves it's just not possible
because the fundamental randomness of of this process and it's this process that they most
don't want us to talk about because it it undermines the whole concept of it's still going it's still
going because it can't be and it's much more likely the case that if there is a real
bonafide signal that it's just a signal that was always there
and that that's the best i can do for for pencil drawing but anyway
you're muted again Jerry sorry
that's unusual for me i'm not usually muted and at one stage you said
they're getting close to it what was it was it a call a depopulation no you were done to say
it was transhumanism in our children or grandchildren i looked and lived come to the idea the conclusion
that in effect the vaccinations were about a a call or a depopulation
uh efforts rather than just uh totality and control would you agree or disagree with that um
i mean i i i hesitate to say that they would they would they would make any moves to prevent
that but i do think that there is a there is a real multi-generational move here with the idea of
getting the our children to accept a different way of governance and and so i do think that this
is a long move and so they're never going to convince us that the vaccine schedule is good they just
need us to shut up long enough so that the college kids accept it and they give it to their kids and
so it is a we're also in a very weird state right now Jerry because it's very hard for us in this
group to know how far our message is going because it often just echoes off of people that we already
know are following us and so it's very possible that we're reaching farther and we're not allowed
to see it it's also very possible that we're not getting anywhere and we're just running in a
wheel so i'm i'm optimistic um because this group expands but i'm still very pessimistic because
we are up against a monster for sure thank you jane jane you're very well okay thanks i still
wait thanks thank you jerry keep riding that motorbike around ireland windy you're next
hi there um thanks so much for that presentation i always love listening to you
um my question i'm very interested in the dna contamination and so what you're talking about
with kevin mccurnan i'm curious about the plasmid i'm curious about the dna fragments
and the open reading frames um so it's been um published by kevin mccurnan david speaker and
just garroes they wrote a paper looking at the sequences in the plasmid and it looks like
there was a reverse open reading frame that was also a jean that seems to be a spider silk
jean and i'm curious about this because of the fact that the embolomers have been fighting these
weird slots in blood vessels there's weird fibers that people are seeing in blood samples in the
microscope and there's also now coming about people that have weird clot kinds of things in
their large intestine that they're kind of grouping out when they do parasitic cleanses that look
strangely like the embolmer clots and it seems that there's silk proteins in those clots so i'm curious
about your thoughts on that are those dna fragments you know i know you said that any dna
getting in can be potentially bad and especially if dna fragments get in and interrupt other
genes it could be contributing to the turbo cancer stuff um but if pieces of these open
reading frames are getting in and making spider silk proteins i'm just curious about your thoughts
um wow i hadn't heard that before um i have to look that up um the
i would be i would be i would be first very careful to fully rule out the possibility that
endothelial cells are being destroyed by by neutrophils and being cleaned up and when they are
cleaned up there is a process of of fibrinogen being produced or fibrin being produced i get those
two mixed up which ones the breakdown and which ones the not but there is an enzyme that comes
along um neutrophil elastase that destroys these these and these um endothelial cells and in the
process of doing that there are clotting factors that are produced there there there things that
happen that can result in this micro clotting and it's not clear to me i don't know if if this
would be i would soon be related to the stuff that secret bhakti has worked on and all these
embalmers have worked on i just don't i would caution you to realize that the fibrinogen fibrin
clotting cascade that has been described by these people has no special biology and it is just how
antibodies and how clotting and how platelets and how this might cascade out of control
and so adding a silk protein to that could be potentially something that could be later debunked
or something that could be disproven when in reality it's it's a criminal investigation we
don't have to prove where these clots are coming from in order to call it a crime and so i would
always encourage you not to get too deep into the minutia of the explanation in this case
it's very enticing to think about that but i would say that sv40 as a sequence might be more
interesting than silk protein because again if it's silk protein it should be very very simple
to prove it um this the the protein should be very obviously not fibrinogen or not fibrin
fibrin base so if there's a so yeah and apparently it it is obviously no fibrin so all of that has
been looked at i appreciate all of those thoughts okay so kevin mccurnan and now that i know more
about your thoughts about him he has sequenced that reverse open reading frame in the plasmids
that are contaminating the vaccines i can paste the paper that was published in the chat
sure um and then you can read that paper sure please do it's um it's cold
the um other thing that i would just talk about while you're putting this in there is that one of
the things that i think is very much overlooked is what happens to the lipid nanoparticle after it
gets released in the endosome so there's a very um good presentation by i believe a spanish guy
with the last name of segela or or something where i've seen where he shows very definitively
that the chemical properties of the lipid nanoparticles the cationic lipids that are used to
transport the RNA once they are internalized into the endosome and they get into this lower pH of
the endosome they change into very corrosive cationic lipids that can go around and and
essentially create reactive oxygen species and destroy um mitochondrial DNA or even if they
get into the nucleus they could destroy nuclear DNA and these this aspect of the delivery mechanism
is completely ignored because they they don't want you to think about them after they've delivered
their RNA when they change their chemical properties quite a bit after reaching the pH of the cell
internally and so that aspect of this is also something that i think there's a concerted effort
to hide and so any discussion of relevance with regard to the lipid nanoparticles often
obfuscated by somebody who doesn't know what they're talking about and so this i'm not saying that
they're telling this silk protein story for that reason but i do think we have to be very careful
about latching on to these hyper detailed explanations that we don't need did you put that in the chat
yes um so i will find it in a second but yeah i would really like you to look at the plasmid
sequence and that reverse open reading frame silk protein and if that fragment can get into
people um why are they putting spider silk in people and you know maybe the next time you do a talk
you'll talk about that well hopefully i'll be able to tell you exactly why it's crazy but
maybe not okay yeah that's great thanks thank you windy
el berto lovely to see you uh jj thank you um uh you know two two camps seem to be emerging on
our side of the aisle and the camps um are the the pro-vax people but just not pro this vax and then
the pure true anti-vax camp and to say that you know i think this jab is bad i think uh the whole
jab the all the history of jabs were bad and i think that's easy to see um when we're you know
when we're paying attention to what people are saying because i always said like beware of the
person that wants to fix the formula or improve the formula for the you know for the for the future
um so thank you for that for for kind of slowly this is the layers are getting peeled back and
and that's being revealed which camp people are in um the the the question that i had though was
in yesterday's in your yesterday's podcast you kind of went into the details about um
getting laid off of uh for children's health defense and i'm sorry to to hear that um you
had said that there was a uh mccernan uh did a podcast with two chd people and because of that
you know you slightly criticized or debated or some some to critique it but you got reprimanded
for that from the children's health defense people behind the scenes and somehow that you
feel may have caused your uh layoff or something do you um know what the time frame of that with
how do i how do i find that uh that video where mccernan um i would have to look on my chat so it
was a little it was a little wild before i did it but he had gone on um brian hookers podcast um
doctors and scientists and when he was on that podcast actually mary holland joined him and so
what i did was watch that podcast and critique what kevin was saying and uh i pointed out that i
thought that maybe um mary and brian weren't really aware of what he was what he was skipping or what
he wasn't pointing out and how much more there was to talk about um and the way that i got reprimanded
was that they just didn't want me to cover that kind of thing they didn't want me to redo podcasts
so it wasn't necessarily that they didn't say that kevin's a good guy and you shouldn't pick on
them they didn't want me to critique um to risk portraying uh uh some kind of you know not not a
uniform front for chd and i understand that i mean i was working for them as a staff scientist and
then to go on my podcast and have the president and and the the chief science officer on there and
and not necessarily i don't think i said anything wrong but it would be very easy for for someone
outside of the organization to say hey it looks like they don't agree on everything what the
hell's going on and so that's what i got reprimanded for i don't didn't want to say that that kevin was
involved but it was how that started um let's say like that why don't put uh anybody on on a pedestal
and uh and that goes for uh for bobby kennedy i know you no longer work for him and and hey i'll
i might still vote for bobby um you know i for the most part i mean i like him
but i also know that that he knows that vares doesn't publish all legitimate reports received
and then i and i wonder like why aren't you really clamping down on that one um but uh needless to
say i really appreciate that you um your search for the truth and um you know not being afraid to
um investigate under every rock i appreciate you jr thank you so much you're very welcome
albert thank you thank you albert now everybody i've got an interesting breaking story relevant
to what we're talking about and this just came in so jj very relevant to your comment on lawyers
and here it is justentrudo fails as justice pre-vales federal court and candidate the
declares prime mr truto actually outside of his legal authority when it took unreasonable
and constitutional measures against the canadian truckers so can federal court in canada has
just ruled in favor of applicants who filed an application against truto for unreasonably
and unconstitutional measures so that's one of many cases that are happening and it's quite
possible jj that that that judge who's shown some bravery at last he's grandchildren may well
have died suddenly you never know but anyway i just bring it through his attention on a side
track it but there are as one amendment hall is going to tell us in february thousands hundreds
of thousands of cases in the pipeline so it's not true to say that they're not happening but it's
very true to say that most big law firms do not want to attack the system because they get the
bulk of their income from the system so we just that's that's our challenge um elbert thank you for that
anders
yes hello thank you jj it was wonderful to hear your presentation um i um
was fooled like a lot of people to believe in the virus theory i must say that after last year's
intense investigations uh i don't find any reason anymore to believe in the virus theory
and that it is a big risk for a lot of people who are confused in that theory that this is
uh correct science to present all of these modeling out of computer science that there is so and so
genetic let's say footprints or what you claim i think we need to go back to real science and to
go long back to the his philosophical discussion which were going on for more than 100 years ago
about whether uh Lewis Pasteur was right or not but that is an in comment that is connected to
my own research which have i would say conclusively come to the final conclusion that the covid
so-called virus of 2020 was an invention and not the fact and that there was mortality across
the western countries but that mortality was strictly connected to protocols
and to the launch of 5g so so that is my general comment to it but let's say the question is
how can you all or those of you continue this continue the virus theory against
let's say the postulates or robert coke and all the lack of evidence that there is such a thing
like a virus that is my question um i would argue that there is plenty of evidence in the
literature that cells excrete small vesicles with RNA and DNA in them um i don't dispute okay and
so i think that that my main argument is that they can make RNA and they can make a lot of it
they can make DNA and they can make a lot of it and that means that some of the experiments that
they do in the literature are definitely possible they can make enough DNA to put on a cell culture
and then the cell culture will so psychopathic effects and try to copy the DNA and then afterward
there might be more DNA or more RNA excuse me than when you put it in the first time but it won't be
the predicted amount and assortment of RNA that the cartoon provides for it in fact they don't
need it to because they use psychopathic effects to show the presence of a virus but they never
then go farther than that and so i would totally agree with you that viruses are likely a phenomenon
that have been exaggerated both in fidelity and its significance but i would also argue that in
place of that there are technologies that are sufficiently advanced so that a DNA molecule or
sequence could be planted anywhere and that RNA could be used to transfect someone and make their
cells express proteins and if that's the truth which i'm sure it is because i've used these
transfection agents in mice when i was an academician a biologist in medical schools i used to do
these experiments where i transfected mice and so i am i am confident that if they wanted to
express a protein in your lungs they could do it if they wanted to express a protein in your skin
they could do it and i'm sure that they could express a protein in your gut if they wanted to do it
and i'm sure that if they put DNA into a sewer they could use PCR to tell you they found it and so
all of these very standard methodologies could be used to create the molecular biological signal
that someone with a high level of sophistication but also a very high level of specialization
would never be able to tell the difference between bs and truth and that is where we are and i do
think that it's been going on for a long time probably since the AIDS virus was first characterized
and said to be in circulation and we're probably dealing with a scenario where when they started
to grow things in cell culture and then inject them into people there was uh there were problems
because they couldn't detect the kind of immune signals that were present in these cell cultures
and if there are immune signals that are at the same size scale as viruses then it would be very
easy for a controlled discussion of this biology to result in a horrible misinterpretation of a
signal that is almost exclusively endogenous as opposed to being exclusively pathogenic
which is what they would like us to believe is that kind of an answer yeah thank you thank you
Anders Wolfgang welcome loving to see you for those of you who don't know who he is Stephen has
organized Wolfgang to be to speak just twice so far i think Wolfgang twice or three times
twice twice welcome great to see you over to you i came explicitly because i heard JJ some days
ago in the coronavirus and i was very fascinated about his knowledge and his interpretation of what
you observed in the last years and i think i was i'm not a specialist for molecular biology
but i observed the whole business of vaccination industry for many years as a as it was of a public
health institution and in when when in politics too about the patent laws and all this around
how they try to have have formulas where they could where they could have claims to work with
to earn money with and they had their claims not only in the land they had them also in biology
and they tried to shape their claims there and to give them give their claims a certain meaning
that they could produce because you could only get a patent when you can use it for certain
techniques you have to describe so this this it's this working out such theories that there are
some molecular molecules you could do something against with the with the surgeon technology
this is the basis of patent of of getting a patent and earning money with it and i think it was
we are trapped for many many years i think much long it's i think it started in the in the 50s
of 60s already when they were when they were trying out the first vaccinations when they were
when they had the idea the pharmaceutical industry got the idea that they it's it's too
it's too little business only to deal with ill people they wanted to sell something to healthy
people the market is much much much bigger and this was a genius idea to tell people we can do
something with your immune system and i think this was this was a fantastic idea for them
and they developed it more and more and they went more and more and a granular in the granular
affair they get went to molecules and they they went into the immune system they take it they
invented stories which about good immune system bad immune system all such things which have
nothing to do with biology which we can never understand and jj you you said it last time it was
great i was fascinated they tried to to just to describe the irreducible complexity of life
and they picked out something of it and they made they made narratives around it and they
to sell their products and to get their patents and now they i think it's it's it's not just trying
to open a new sphere of business and they can only do it with the work speed
methodology because normally we should we should need some time to find out whether people get
healthier or not or whether they're really protected or not have a control group or whatever it's a
very very long process and then when you when you find out such things whether something is working
or not it's only statistical results you don't know what happens in a certain person because
this is the irreducible complexity of life that we are all different
and so i think this this business what what i observed in the last year is for my for my
experience now it is just that i don't advise people anymore to take any vaccine i am and it
goes much further observed also the clinical studies they did and above normal some sort of drugs and
how they constructed their narratives there they are constructing narratives everywhere
and i think if we want to change this one very effective thing would be just to forbid patents
on such things but they'll bid patents on living on everything that has to do with life
and to forbid patents for drugs and drugs and i think this will solve a lot of problems
and i tried to work for it in politics and i i i experienced that they certainly there was
people coming to me and lobby was coming and they were really terrified when i started to to
make such an initiative so i i felt that there was something very important with the patent right
so this is just what i want to say and i want to i think i want to thank you very much
because you JJ you you're much more strict in your in your thoughts and you're much more
it's i got lost sometimes i got lost and my time got lost in molecules too and i was distracted
very often too and they made it very well but the more they did it and they more they the more we
find out that oh again you were trapped again you were treated or you were treated
and the better it will so we learn that we are treated and this is a very interesting
process which made perhaps lead to some some improvement in living together in this
yeah in reducible society complex society thank you very much i think it's a great
comment i just want to follow up by saying you might not be aware of it but in the United States
right before the pandemic there was a supreme court decision which basically decided that all
intellectual property of of monoclonal antibodies was based on bad science and they actually
decided to say that the intellectual property of antibodies was based on a formula that had
been repeated so often that it had no relevance anymore and one of the things they talked about
was that the claim of monoclonal antibodies is that it's a single molecule when in reality
it's a it's not a single molecule at all and depending on which animal produces it's going to be of
it's as many variations as possible the kinds of motifs that are created and so they portrayed
a level of fidelity in creation that wasn't there and the supreme court basically took a
a whole field of intellectual property that was the basis for a lot of of pharmaceutical value
pharmaceutical company value and made it very shaky ground right before the pandemic as to
whether or not you would even be able to to patent an antibody in the traditional manner
and so one of the things this was actually all discovered by a friend of mine mark kulak of
a heucetonic live um who just lost his youtube channel yesterday um for a video that he put up
but he found this antibody paradox being covered by a Yale law school review that was then several
months later cited by the supreme court as the evidence for the biology of monoclonal antibodies
not supporting their general patent so this was a huge change that occurred right before the pandemic
seemingly very convenient so that no pharmaceutical companies would invest in
any monoclonal antibodies but instead would convert to this new
you know there is there is science one first though you know i don't know whether you know
physics a physics professor and he was he was telling when when there are problems we we have a
narrative and we deduct from this narrative everything we do we take some new narrative and
we make it the basis of all things we do and then we don't when we don't go when we cannot go further
we invent particles and we discuss about the particles and what we have learned all about
the particles and we can't go further we invent particles of particles and like this it goes on
until there is a new narrative and i think we are at the at the level now that there will be a new
narrative and i hope so you started it thank you very much okay thank you well okay okay
Stephen we'll go for another 15 minutes we've got two questions and there's Stephen for closing
questions we'll go for two and three quarter hours today JJ you okay have another 15 minutes
i can probably do it if i if i pass out quick on the quick if i fall over you know then it's
that's what happens yeah correct so Tom and maker and then Stephen and we'll finish it
the two and three quarters go Tom oh can you hear me okay i can wow nice mic okay oh okay um yeah so um
let's see if i got my question are you from Wisconsin does that say you're a Wisconsin guy
yeah yeah i am i grew up in Chippewa Falls Wisconsin that's where i was born
right and i i was in the Mississippi when i grew up in lacrosse but okay nice now early
michigan yeah so um i had asked you this before and um it's kind of a minor question but this uh
lateral these grocery store tests that are in cardboard boxes oh yeah yeah yeah are those
yeah are those lateral flow and um well yeah i have i have i guess three or four questions but
that's a quick easy one are those lateral i hope are lateral flow and you talk about lateral flow
fraud so should i do all the questions should we do one by one or what's the best way no i mean
it's fine you can just say it i know what you're asking about now and and i'm limited in my
i haven't looked at the specifics of each of these products um there's a lot of them and so
what antibodies are present in them and what they're specific for is specific for each product so
it's tricky to it's pretty tricky to to discern which of them would be let's say more reliable or
less reliable for the indication of the presence of these proteins so that's tricky but go ahead
just ask oh so so i assume do they create uh an antibody are you are they detecting antibodies
in general or they're not detecting antibodies in a lateral flow test i think you use your saliva
right and so they're detecting spike protein or n protein and it's antibodies to those proteins
that then move and then get bound to a second protein that changes color and if if i'm wrong
about this then please don't let that undermine the rest of my biology that i taught because
lateral flow tests are are kind of tricky with the antibody problem because it the specificities
so i yeah i love your train thing and everything but this this is what i'm up against with a lot of
people on the other side it's like oh i tested positive for covid again uh you know this is like
that eighth time i've had covid etc and it's based on those tests um but you don't need to respond
to that so this is like uh teaching kind of question it exposes all kinds of confusion that i have
um and let's see so it's um uh it's the idea of okay the virus the virons has a genome which uh and
is that is that the m is that represented one-to-one by the mRNA and within that genome how many genes
are in it and is that another way of asking for how many proteins does it code for um and then
and then at the higher level as you're kind of going up to hierarchy um we've you've got chromosomes
you've got the cell nucleus and then you have the entire human genome could you kind of quickly
touch on those concepts sure so in a viral genome you expect a virus to have in a coronavirus 30
odd proteins that are encoded in a single genome and the genome would be long one long RNA that's
the idea in our cellular genomes is one long double-stranded DNA molecule in theory for each
chromosome and so our genome is just gigantic and instead of having n proteins we have our DNA
organized into chromosomes that is really DNA around histones and other other proteins
um but a viral genome um is supposed to contain all of the proteins that are necessary so that
when that RNA goes into the cell um remember that if it's a positive strand RNA then it can go
right through the ribosome if it's a negative strand RNA it needs to be turned into a positive
strand RNA before it can be converted into protein so for negative strand viruses like flu and measles
there has to be a not only a genome in the viral but there also has to be an enzyme set
that can copy the negative strand RNA into a positive strand one before flu proteins can be
made before measles protein and viruses can be made so the coronavirus is an opposite kind of thing
because it's positive stranded so the first thing it has to do is go into your cells and translate
into protein so that the proteins that are present that copy it from positive to positive are there
so that's the trick that i wonder if you caught it but it's something that i find very frustrating
about the current model of the of the the way that these viruses replicate and it's part of
that bothers me i got to find the right slide here apologize for this
is that in this model oops that should be here and then yeah in this model this is the this is the
diagram where they show a coronavirus replicating the the thing that has to happen right this is a
positive strand RNA genome which can go right through the ribosome but you want a positive strand
RNA in your viruses that go out of the cell so you might presume that the positive strand RNA
has to be translated to a negative strand RNA and then the negative strand RNA gets transacted back
to a positive strand RNA because that's how these double stranded molecules are copied right they
they rely on the mirror image in order to make the copy but this is a single strand RNA so you
don't have that and interestingly in this diagram it shows if you can see my arrow it shows that
the the RNA dependent RNA polymerase is translating a positive genomic RNA into another positive
genomic RNA i can't find a single paper that explains how that happens or explains why that's
so special because the flu virus needs to change its RNA in from negative to positive
and then the positive needs to be copied back into a negative and packaged in with the enzymes
required to be a full virus so the flu virus can i go ahead can can i ask you do you have any
examples of positive or tom tom this is oh okay no then then i'm going to go to my last question
which is kind of a bombshell thing i had a friend in this group connect me with another friend
who is that you've got an adversary out there and i just i've only watched like three hours of him
uh and it could you comment on kevin mccaren oh sure um kevin mccaren has is as a guy who streamed
with me starting in the first week of march and we did a stream of about five hours long every
weekend for five weeks in a row with another guy by the name of paul katrel who is a completely
fake doctor who was promoted by george web for a very long time at the beginning of the pandemic
and kevin mccaren um is a guy who when i first met him was very convinced that over a billion
people would die and that everybody should be at home making masks and that we should stay
home for 60 days instead of 20 he was also very convinced that the spike protein was
gained a function and that there would be a massive influx of amyloidosis and spike protein
induced prion disease and he was already convinced of this in march or april of 2020
and he remains convinced of it now five years later he has done nothing but stream about the
n-word and jus and how the jus are responsible and he has done nothing but associate his own
racist bigotry with me and a couple other people with the idea i guess of slandering us and the
first time that i reviewed his work was when he got in a shouting match with mark bailey and at
that point he already started calling me names and said i was a liar and i didn't know what i was
talking about but he didn't really lose his mind and still i started teaching about the clones and
then him and charles rixie um pretty much have gone full tilt uh you know giga ohm spiral and all
these other things there's there are hundreds of hours of videos of these guys spending most of
their time trying to say that i'm a bad guy and it's just absurd um it's it's laughable at this
stage do you realize that kevin mccaren ken came to pittsburgh from japan and tried to stay overnight
in my house this guy is more than a medler it is it this is real like these people came to my house
they are they are being paid to to keep the worst case scenario alive i assure you and most importantly
most importantly he was involved he was involved in in making it very hard to decide the the idea
that we were transfecting billions of people one of the most likely possibilities would be
misfolding of proteins and potential generation of prion states so imagine that they knew this was a
possibility and they had people like kevin mccaren from the very beginning out there in the darkest
corners of the internet putting this nonsense out there so that when it finally did happen it
wouldn't be it wouldn't be very hard for them to confound it with the the original gain of
function virus this guy's one of the worst characters out there i assure you oh my gosh he makes me mad
he really really has been messing with my family for four straight years yeah thank you jjj thanks
mccaren very briefly thank you so much jj who did not want it must be very late there i mean my
goodness okay your wife's from the nettlands isn't he that cloaked yep yeah uh hill truth hill truth
okay i have a question uh i read the book of john of uh robert kennedy the warhan cover up and there
it says um that uh you said uh it is on page two eight four i know what she's going to read
a virus designed by a jean jockey on a keyboard says kooine so what do you think about it is this
correct or um at the time that i'm at the time that he's quoting me that's exactly what i said but
what i'm meaning is that they created a clone so when you do it on a keyboard you make a clone
and and this is again i don't know how to say it any other way other than to say that robert f
kennedy jr wanted to write a book about a lab leak and it wasn't until very late in my service of
this book that i started to realize that i was perpetuating the wrong narrative and i did teach
it to him it is in the book in some places but there are quotes including one where i think
it's in very late in the book where i say that that oftentimes purple grand proposals are done
before they are submitted and that was used to say that maybe the diffuse proposal was done and i
would argue with with throwing myself under the bus to say that they went so far as to come to my
house to convince me to say that and they did they convinced me to believe that for several months
that i was wrong that the diffuse proposal might be right and that i needed to think very carefully
about whether i was putting people in danger and this when people come to your house when people
call you on the phone when people send you emails like this over and over for many many many years
it becomes very difficult to stick to your laurels and say no i'm sure mike eden and
wolf ganglodach are right and these guys are full of baloney and that's that's really where we are
and during the writing of that book you can see the evolution of my thoughts in at least i can
in my notes and it's just a question of bobby's ultimate objective was to make sure that the
mythology was captured i i don't think we are in a scenario where where bobby couldn't come to
understand this biology the way that we understand it and just don't necessarily think that it's
going to be that easy and i am for sure that there are lots of forces out there that have
have made sure those books were written um and it's just very hard i don't i don't want to say
anybody's a bad guy because i think so many people like myself were taken by the by the narrative and
by the by the performances and by the previous you know rumors and and and mythologies that we all
grew up with i gave my kids all their shots in 2022 before we moved to the new school that
they're at now and it was a week later that my wife and i sat down and watched vaxxed
and we cried for hours because we realized oh my god what in the hell have we been doing we've
been working for bobby kennedy for half a year we never bothered to watch the movie
that's that's how stupid i am so i don't want anybody to think i hate it when i get introduced
as a genius because i'm not a genius i i i figured this out like everybody else that
went crazy figured it out and only very few people were were smart enough to be ahead of this and i
wasn't one of them i definitely wasn't yeah right thank you thank you mike we're gonna go
we're gonna move on thank you great question now now jj just to just stay there jj over the last
couple of questions from steven but one thing i want to remind everybody of
it's a crucial concept make all of us feel good about not being geniuses because
elbert einstein said every one of us is born a genius but if you contemplate all human knowledge
between my hands the smartest person on the planet whoever you think that is knows this much
each one of us knows a tiny little bit that's the point of these conversations so
jj is very honorable of you to admit being stupid i'm stupid in fact the wonderful
a um anthony de mellow when he says this it is wonderful book awareness
he says when somebody says you're an idiot agree with them each one of us we are total
idiots except for this tiny little bit so glory in your idiocy now last question
steven are you there last couple of questions jj will let you go yeah yeah i'm here uh so uh
just switch on the video so jj um i was kind of i was going to ask you what happened at chd because
it was completely mystifying to me uh hearing that you had uh lost your job at chd on the fourth
of january i think you said yeah um i couldn't think of any good reason why they should choose
now to get rid of you because as far as i can see you are absolutely essential to to understand
what's uh going on um so um but now it makes sense because i remember reading but i i like
or if k jr i really like him i i remember remember r of k jr is not at chd anymore he
he had to break all ties with them in order to run for president so he has no influence and he
actually was not he was not involved in me being hired i actually got hired um because
some of the writing team from the from the book also worked at chd and advocated for
me to be hired by brian so it's it's absolutely nothing to do with bobby i know that for sure
because i actually called him when i got when i got laid off because i was so sad
and what did he say well he said he couldn't do anything about it that he had nothing to do
with me being hired because he would already left the organization they call him chairman
and leave but that's just a moniker that means nothing he's nothing to chd he can't be they can't
talk to him they call him what they call him what a chairman on leave all right yeah but that's just
there well i doubt i don't know i i don't know but he can't be a part of the organization now he
is all contact has to be broken by definition in american law so that tells me that it's quite
possible that he would have come to agree because i was mystified when i heard uh was it about three
months ago maybe i can't quite remember uh that he was going to write a book about all the gain
of function stuff and i thought no no don't do that that's part of getting you to getting
everybody into the narrative you know discussing the gain of function and how terrible it is
does it and um so i like uh david martin a lot but i'm i don't understand why he's fallen
either i and anyway point is that it now makes sense what happened to you at uh chd in my mind
anyway that you are actually saying well actually don't believe this gain of function stuff
it's playing into the narrative they want you to believe that it's all about fear and it generated
fear whether they could do it or not you know and they didn't need to do it so that's very
important to understand so taking it so seriously that you write a whole book about it well yeah i
i remember thinking at the time shall i email him and what you know say but i thought you know he's
got so many people around him he probably wouldn't take any notice so no point in wasting their
time so but i did think about it and maybe you and i could go to him and and maybe wolf
going to might be prepared to do it you know i'm trying to work on a brief that that describes this
biology in text and has some citations and things i i think in the next week or week and a half it
will be done and he will be one of the people that received it so it's not going to help him in the
long run oh i don't know why not see it be in the long run if he's got it wrong you know oh no that's
right that's right i agree so if you write the whole book about uh gain of function research and
goes down the round ball routes you know i just think he's going to look at fooling uh ten years
time and so we need to warn him off and we're not warning him off but suggest that you know
there are dangers in going down that route because i really think that the whole thing was used
just to generate fear and well he's a he's a lawyer he's a lawyer so he could very easily do
what i've done and just say i didn't get it and now i get it he could just say it it's very easy
i mean it's harder it's harder for somebody like me to do it than a lawyer i mean why not
well whether whether rfk jr becomes the president or not he's got a huge following around the world
yes i agree i agree and so it's important for him to know it whether or not i agree
absolutely so maybe uh wolfgun would like to join us because he he's got incredible insights too
and actually wolfgun you are a virologist aren't you? oh no we're stopping we're not having a conversation
now that's another statement we have another comment well last question to you jj is do you
want to write a book because i know someone who's a publisher who who's very interested he can't
couldn't be on tonight's call sure put me in touch with him i mean i found a lot of people that are
interested in me writing a chapter or two but then they just asked me for the chapter right away
and so it's hard for me to but yes i would be in theory um i'm already writing for a very long
time i just don't publish it yet because i i'm not a very fast writer and i'm very anal so it's
it's he's a publisher and he can uh please you can even get the book written for you if you you know
you're dictated or you could have it uh called don't don't tease me with those things just put
me in touch it would be great i will do yeah and wolf gang the same question to be you would you
would you like to write a book or not well would wolf gang write a book with me we could write a book
together yes yes i would love it that's what we do well set it up set it up Stephen we're going
okay jj jj you are you are a disgrace in demonstrating that you are not drinking enough water because
for you to sit there for three hours without going to the toilet is very yeah but you haven't
been to the toilet so you're clearly not drinking enough water oh i have to go don't worry
yeah good all right you have to go everybody big thank you to jj great work thank you
thank you so much Stephen thank you for organizing everybody we're going we're way over time
Tom Rodman's video group the link is in the chat and we'll see you on sunday monday depending
on what part of the planet you're on thanks jj thank you very much Stephen bye bye
wow holy shit holy shit holy shit holy shit holy shit
you
.
Tony
solely shit that was fucking phenomenal
Oh, wow. I'm still going. Did I swear out loud too? That's too bad. Stopping.